semantic version comparison (#1400)
rauc/rauc: docs/reference.rst

  firmware. It will be matched against the ``compatible`` string defined in the
  update manifest.

``min-bundle-version`` (optional)
  An optional user-defined version string that follows the
  `semantic versioning scheme <https://semver.org>`_.
  The 'version core' and '-pre_release' parts from the ``version`` string in the
  update manifest is compared against. This allows to roll out updates with some
  (breaking) change, which set the ``min-bundle-version`` accordingly, and
  through that disallow the installation of prior version bundle - which would
  render the device inoperable.

> 

Reviewer: You should add a comment that shorted version cores are allowed as well.

  firmware. It will be matched against the ``compatible`` string defined in the
  update manifest.

``min-bundle-version`` (optional)
  An optional user-defined version string that follows the
  `semantic versioning scheme <https://semver.org>`_.

>   The 'version core' and '-pre_release' parts from the ``version`` string in the
>   update manifest is compared against. This allows to roll out updates with some
>   (breaking) change, which set the ``min-bundle-version`` accordingly, and
>   through that disallow the installation of bundles with a prior version -
>   which would render the device inoperable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The 'version core' and '-pre_release' parts from the ``version`` string in the
  update manifest are compared against the configured min-bundle-version.
  The update will be rejected if the bundle manifest version is smaller/older. 
  
  This allows to roll out updates with some (breaking) changes by shipping them with
  a system.conf that sets the ``min-bundle-version`` accordingly.
  Once the updated system runs, it will prevent the installation of future updates with smaller/older versions.
```

        installation of bundles on platforms that a compatible not matching the one
        of the bundle to be installed

>     :STRING 'ignore-version-limit', VARIANT 'b' <true/false>: Disables all
>         version checks, which normally would compare the bundle version against
>         the system.conf set ``min-version`` and/or ``max-version``.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :STRING 'ignore-version-limit', VARIANT 'b' <true/false>: Disables the
    check for the minimal bundle version as configured by system.conf option
    ``min-bundle-version`` checks.
```

Reviewer: s/minimal/minimum/
